actually wrote all the music on Sgt. Pepper's, Pet Sounds, The Wall and Thriller, but objected to receiving credit.
adopted several impovershed African children out of the kindness of _ heart.
always helps old ladies cross the street, even when +'s late for something. Which + never is.
and _ writings served as a major inspiration to Martin Luther King and Gandhi.
begins the day with an hour of jumprope and ends the day with a thousand pushups.
bench presses twice _ own body weight. Easily.
can beat Michael Jordan at basketball.
can beat Through the Fire and Flames on Expert without missing a single note.
can beat Tiger Woods at golf.
can destroy entire cities, nay, nations, with _ mind.
can donate blood without experiencing nausea.
can eat a 2-lb burger in under one minute.
can eat tubs of ice cream without getting the slightest bit fatter.
can hear frequences beyond a normal human's hearing.
can paint with all the colors of the wind.
can play Chopin piano solo pieces with one hand.
can play two musical instruments at once.
can prove the existence of a higher power.
can read everyone's minds.
can run a marathon. In _ sleep.
can take 10 shots of vodka and not even get tipsy.
can tie a knot in a cherry stem with _ tongue.
can turn a straight person gay and a gay person straight. At once.
can write Latin with one hand and Greek with the other.
cooks better spaghetti sauce than your mother does.
cured cancer.
does one-armed pushups with both arms at once.
doesn't just have a sixth sense, but a seventh and eighth sense as well.
doesn't need health insurance, because _ body is so tough, it just doesn't get sick.
donates over half of _ yearly income to charity.
drives twice the speed limit around cops and manages to get away with it.
fought the law, and won.
goes to school full time and works over 40 hours a week, yet still finds spare time to enjoy life.
had to invent _ own martial art because all of the existing ones were too easy.
has accomplished the world record in hot dog eating. Several times.
has been asked to be President of over 23 countries, many of which + has never even been to.
has only one flaw: + simply tries too hard and cares too much.
has over 1000 friends each on Facebook and MySpace.
honestly finds masturbating to _ own image to be the more satisfying than most partners.
is _ own personal savior.
is asexual, but only because the amount of sexual attention + receives is a bit overwhelming.
is a bad enough dude to rescue the President.
is a master of French cuisine, and hasn't even prepared it once in _ life.
is a reason to believe in magic.
is loved by everyone here.
is made up of every ethnicity on Earth, and combines the best elements of each.
is naked right now, and no one is complaining.
is not just insanely attractive and talented, but also modest.
is seducing you right now. Quite successfully, I might add.
is the person being talked about in Alanis Morissette's song "You Oughta Know".
isn't afraid of "your mom" jokes, because the only person sexier than + is is _ mom.
joined both the fire department and the police force to help as many people as possible.
managed to get elected to congress in Michigan's 2nd district, despite never living there or campaigning there.
memorizes entire encyclopedias in one sitting.
needs less than 4 hours of sleep a night.
never sweats and never cries, except for the people +'s helped.
once decided not to do any studying for a test, and got 99% rather than 100%.
once fell 900 feet onto solid pavement, and topped it off by jumping into water and swimming 10 miles.
personally owns every album ever made.
received a large sum of money from an actual Nigerian prince.
receives a $100,000/year salary just for being so great.
remembers each and every one of _ friends' birthdays, and sends in personalized greeting cards to each one.
runs 27 miles during a marathon rather than 26, just to make things a bit more interesting.
speaks 25 languages fluently and dabbles in another 30.
speaks Russian better than Russians can.
spends _ spare time practicing doubling the speed of Buckethead solos on guitar.
successfully ended World War I, World War II, the Cold War and even the War of 1812.
used to decline invitations for sex, but discovered that it was easier to have a fivesome than to turn down four people.
was the actual one to kill Hitler, even though revisionist historians make it look like a suicide.
went through a doctorate program and got an MD just because it'd look good on _ wall.